Docs: make friendly (#4511)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Configuration/WebRoutingSettings/index.md

## Try matching endpoints for all pages

> If this is set to `true` Umbraco will check if any routed endpoints match a front-end request before the Umbraco dynamic router tries to map the request to an Umbraco content item. This setting should not be nececary as long as the Umbraco catch-all route is registered last.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true` Umbraco will check if any routed endpoints match a front-end request. This happens before the Umbraco dynamic router tries to map the request to a Umbraco content item. This setting should not be necessary as long as the Umbraco catch-all route is registered last.
```
